Fan'er, this matter?
It's Mom's fault
If it wasn't for Mom wanting to use that male president
Opportunities that matter to you
I want to hone you
It won't appear either. Is this blocking things at this time?
As long as you return the project to Chu Sheng
And voluntarily removed from family council membership
Quit the company completely
Chu Sheng and I
Will make up for your 1 billion deficit
Whether you recognize me as a brother or not
But you and I are still brothers
I definitely can't bear to watch you be
Family Council Member
accountable
Just like what the eldest sister said
As long as you automatically log out
Me and my sister
I will definitely fill in 1 billion deficit for you
What then?
My uncles
I will also cut your mother's face and let your mother go
You have to rely on whistles at critical moments
Two Chan
As long as the whistle can close the deficit
And timely replacement
Call the project owner
I promise this.
Endowed to pursue
Unauthorized use of family funds
That's a felony.
Eliminate the family council
grant investigation
It's the only way.
I agree too.
Who said I could use project funds?
You still want to deny the alms of Sizzling Tintin
I just invest the funds of the project.
To earn more money to invest in the project
how come
Appropriation